*How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

While using diff helped me see the difference in the two codes, what was really helpfulwas having to learn comand line just to get Git installed in the first 
place. 

I am starting to relize that every new challenge holds amazing potentional. 

Skill stacks on skill. 

This is not a lunar journey, it is circular, seemingly random, but creating an amazing wholeness.  

Exciting stuff.


*How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Tracking changes allows you to track mistakes, wrong turns, or on 
the possitive side the moment when something became special.

Those that do not know their history...and all that.


*What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The coder would have the control to chose logical benchmarkes that would be 
eaiser to understand then either too many auto saves or to little.

If a problem arose it may be eaiser for them to find zero point of the error.



*Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit,
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

There goals are different. In word documents this files are not necessarily conected, where in codeing things tend 
intrinsically conected. 


*How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Well git log lists all of the commits done to the master copy and if I 
compare two different commits I can see the details of the changes 
made between the two commits.

*How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
If I know that I can easily go back and check my work I will be less worried about making
a catastrophic mistake. 

*Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A bit frustratd because I was not able to make sublime text my defalt text editor and I spent a good hour on it. 
So I don't know how I want to use Git because I am finding it difficut.
Figured it out, still not sure how, but I got it working. Tenacity over comes all!

